README.md, before:

## General:
System that collects every 'n' seconds data from a Meter, which generates random values between 0-9kW for mocking a regular home power consumption, generates simulated PV (photovoltaic) power values (in kW) and write these results on file.

The following picture of a real PV power output curve during a normal day.

![Image of real_data](https://github.com/lucalusn/mobility/blob/main/real_curve.png)
 
The following picture represent the simulated PV power output curve

![Image of simulated_data](https://github.com/lucalusn/mobility/blob/main/simulated_data_PV.png)


## Architecture:

* **Meter** produces messages to the broker with random but continuous values from 0 to 9000 Watts.This is to mock a regular home power consumption.

* **Broker** is a RabbitMQ is a message-queueing software. More info about [rabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/)

* **PV simulator** listens to the broker for the meter values, generate a simulated PV power value and adds this value to the meter value and output the result.

* **Output** is the save on file step. The result are collected every couple of seconds in the following format (timestamp, meter power value, PVpower valueand the sum of the powers (meter + PV)). 
The filename will be generated automatically from the script in function of the execution time in the folder specified by the user. If the folder does not exist the result will be saved in the HOME directory. Name format: logfile_month_day_year_hour_min_sec.log

The following diagram exemplifies the interactions between the components

![Image of system architecture](https://github.com/lucalusn/mobility/blob/main/architecture.png)

## How to install:
1: create a conda env and install the package using setup.py

    conda create -n mobility python=3
    source activate mobility

2: clone repository

    git clone https://github.com/lucalusn/mobility.git

3: build package xy

    cd mobility
    python setup.py sdist
    pip install dist/mobility-X.Y.Z.tar.gz    

## Example of use:

Just run the main

    pv_main 
    
## Parameters meaning
    -p1: 
    -p2:

Commit message:

update docu, how instal docker

README.md, after:

## General:
System that collects every 'n' seconds data from a Meter, which generates random values between 0-9kW for mocking a regular home power consumption, generates simulated PV (photovoltaic) power values (in kW) and write these results on file.

The following picture of a real PV power output curve during a normal day.

![Image of real_data](https://github.com/lucalusn/mobility/blob/main/real_curve.png)
 
The following picture represent the simulated PV power output curve

![Image of simulated_data](https://github.com/lucalusn/mobility/blob/main/simulated_data_PV.png)


## Architecture:

* **Meter** produces messages to the broker with random but continuous values from 0 to 9000 Watts.This is to mock a regular home power consumption.

* **Broker** is a RabbitMQ is a message-queueing software. More info about [rabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/)

* **PV simulator** listens to the broker for the meter values, generate a simulated PV power value and adds this value to the meter value and output the result.

* **Output** is the save on file step. The result are collected every couple of seconds in the following format (timestamp, meter power value, PVpower valueand the sum of the powers (meter + PV)). 
The filename will be generated automatically from the script in function of the execution time in the folder specified by the user. If the folder does not exist the result will be saved in the HOME directory. Name format: logfile_month_day_year_hour_min_sec.log

The following diagram exemplifies the interactions between the components

![Image of system architecture](https://github.com/lucalusn/mobility/blob/main/architecture.png)

## How to install:
This demo script will run the RabbitMQon on a docker container. Docker has to be manually install on your machine. 
More info about how to install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/)

1: create a conda env and install the package using setup.py

    conda create -n mobility python=3
    source activate mobility

2: clone repository

    git clone https://github.com/lucalusn/mobility.git

3: build package xy

    cd mobility
    python setup.py sdist
    pip install dist/mobility-X.Y.Z.tar.gz    

## Example of use:

Just run the main

    pv_main 
    
## Parameters meaning
    -p1: 
    -p2:
